Mgt/localization + right-to-left (#10569)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: concepts/toolkit/customize-components/localization.md

---
title: "Localizing the Microsoft Graph Toolkit Components"
description: "Use LocalizationHelper to localize Microsoft Graph Toolkit Components"
localization_priority: Normal
author: vogtn
---

# Localizing the Microsoft Graph Toolkit Components

Localization is a important aspect of application development to support users with various language requirements globally.

The Microsoft Graph Toolkit components can be localized so the user-interface reflects the desired linguistic experience.

## Use LocalizationHelper to add localized strings

> All strings in the toolkit are not localized, but you can provide your own localized strings and manage different languages through the same process you use for localizing your app. To facilitate localization, the toolkit exposes the `LocalizationHelper` static class:
> 
> The strings can be referenced at a global level or per component (with the `_components:` selector), but global assignment of common properties will cascade unless further specified.
> 
> example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All strings in the toolkit are not localized, but you can provide your own localized strings and manage different languages through the same process you use for localizing your app. To facilitate localization, the toolkit exposes the `LocalizationHelper` static class.

This is an example of localizing several components:
```

```ts
import { LocalizationHelper } from "@microsoft/mgt";

LocalizationHelper.strings = {
  noResultsFound: "لم نجد أي قنوات",
  _components: {

>     login: {

Reviewer: Use quotes for consistency with others

```suggestion
    "login": {
```

      signInLinkSubtitle: "login",
      signOutLinkSubtitle: "خروج",
    },
    "people-picker": {
      inputPlaceholderText: "ابدأ في كتابة الاسم",
      noResultsFound: "لم نجد أي قنوات", //collision with global defined noResultsFound will overwrite with local result
      loadingMessage: "...جار التحميل",
    },
    "teams-channel-picker": {
      inputPlaceholderText: "حدد قناة",
      noResultsFound: "local NoResultsFound Example",
      // loadingMessage: is default string "Loading..." for this example since not defined globally or locally
    },

>     tasks: {

Reviewer: Use quotes for consistency with others

```suggestion
    "tasks": {
```

      removeTaskSubtitle: "delete",
      cancelNewTaskSubtitle: "canceltest",
      newTaskPlaceholder: "newTaskTest",
      addTaskButtonSubtitle: "addme",
    },
    "person-card": {
      sendEmailLinkSubtitle: "ارسل بريد الكتروني",
      startChatLinkSubtitle: "ابدأ الدردشة",
      showMoreSectionButton: "أظهر المزيد", // global declaration
    },
    "person-card-contact": {
      contactSectionTitle: "اتصل",
    },
    "person-card-organization": {
      reportsToSectionTitle: "تقارير ل",
      directReportsSectionTitle: "تقارير مباشرة",
      organizationSectionTitle: "منظمة",
      youWorkWithSubSectionTitle: "انت تعمل مع",
      userWorksWithSubSectionTitle: "يعمل مع",
    },
  },
};
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

When the `strings` property is assigned, all components will automatically pick up the new strings and re-render, allowing you to change strings dynamically. 

The strings can be set at a global level or per component (with the `_components:` property).
```
